Attendees:

Chris Mattmann
Jihoon Kang
Saskia van Manen
Katie Wanner
Allen Pope
Aaron Hill
Marco Tedesco
Paul Ramirez
Suzanne Carbotte

Agenda:
(Open Issues in Github:
https://github.com/NSF-Polar-Cyberinfrastructure/datavis-hackathon/issues)

1. Github accounts, starring the repo and sharing news (Chris/All)
   - Chris mentions to everyone to join Github and star the repo

2. Current status of confirmed participants (Chris)
   - 93% confirmation
   - 37/40 
   - Allen to reach out to 

3. Efforts to recruit Keynote speakers (Chris)
4. Agenda is coming together - making a handout (Katie)
5. Videotaping participants request (Katie/Chris/Marco)
   - no audio 
   - no brief interviews in other rooms
   - no survey
6. Agenda update
   - Move Marco to Day 1 (Chris)
   - Add in Keynote slots at beginning of days (25-30 mins, plus time for
questions)

7. Website improvements and updates (Chris/Mazi/Katie)
   - Will update participants list (Chris)
   - Jihoon, Katie, Aaron, working with Mazi to make the website slicker
   - make a pamphlet that has the sessions (lock down input by next Wednesday)
     - Jihoon and PIIM will scope this
   - get content for poster NLT next Wednesday

8. Amazon support (Chris)
    - Amazon will give us credits
    - EC2 and S3 time

9. Survey Poll after the meeting (Saskia/Chris)
   - anonymous poll
   - what do we want to ask participants
   - what do we want to gauge
   - what do we want to give to NSF?
   - add it to the Github issue: 

10. AOB
  - Aaron wonders if it makes sense for artists and designers to stop by
   and help contribute to the process (small groups) - yes this makes sense

  - Saskia is working on a article in the Parsons Journal for Information
    Mapping about the workshop. Both Chris and Marco express interest in 
    contributing to the article. 
